Use either TERM or TERM_PROGRAM to detect wezterm (#186)
lunaryorn/mdcat: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - WezTerm is now detected by `TERM` and `TERM_PROGRAM` enviroment variable (see [GH-186]).

Author: ```suggestion
- WezTerm is now detected by `TERM` and `TERM_PROGRAM` environment variables (see [GH-186]).
```

> - WezTerm is now detected by `TERM` and `TERM_PROGRAM` enviroment variable (see [GH-186]).

Reviewer: Would you mind to commit this suggestion as well?

> - WezTerm is now detected by `TERM` and `TERM_PROGRAM` enviroment variable (see [GH-186]).

Author: I applied it via the git client and not the web so it is shown as not applied.

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Use either the default `TERM` enviroment variable or the none default `TERM_PROGRAM` for determining WezTerm terminal (see [GH-185]).

Reviewer: Please rephrase this to remove the judgemental undertone; `TERM_PROGRAM` is not any less "default" then `TERM`.

Just say that mdcat now checks `TERM` in addition to `TERM_PROGRAM` to identify wezterm.

And please link to this merge request, e.g. GH-186, because that's the PR which actually implements it.

Author: According to the comment in wezterm it is not really a standard https://github.com/wez/wezterm/blob/ac5199c21663e39dcce887308a92b5e36b338866/config/src/lib.rs#L1709-L1710

Reviewer: Well it speaks of an "emerging de facto standard" which is good enough for me 🙂 More so if it actually works by default 😜

And even if it wasn't we'd be using a nonstandard variable to detect a single nonstandard terminal emulator. I don't really see an issue with that 🙂

Author: Yeah, well whatever.
